# HelldiversStrategemCaller
## General info
This is a personal project of a gamer and student who just likes to play helldivers. If you would like to download it and use it for yourself, feel free to do so. I will try to keep this file up-to-date so you can follow updates and stuff here.
## Play and app store
The app won't be downloadable on the play store because it costs a pretty penny. I'm still in college and don't want to spend my money on this. If there are enough people who really want to get it on the play store I can setup some kind of donation thing to fund the play store cost. I don't expect much from this, if you don't have money DON'T donate please. Only donate if you can affort it and if you want to help the project get onto the play store!
The app won't be available on the app store because I don't have any developement tools for apple apps and there it is even more of a hassle to get it on the store.
## How to use
First start with cloning this repo to your local machine. The java server should be done and you can just start it by using the jar or exe. For the app you will have to install it with android studio for now, [explenation](#app) down below. After installing the app and opening the server you can give the ip address of the phone to the server client and click connect. You will see in de console below if a connection has been established. You then can use the app to call in stratagems. The server is implemented to use the arrow keys as input for the strategems so you will have to change that in game. You will also have to set the stratagem menu to "tap" and NOT "hold". Also you will have to hold the big menu button for around half a second before the arrow keys menu opens, I made it like that to prevent players from accidentally opening the menu.
## Server (java)
The java server is packaged in an exe and you can use that to run it. I build the jar with the gradle build tool and things like JavaFX should be included in the compiled jar, if not so let me know! I also tried to include the JRE (Java Runtime Environment) in the exe but I wasn't able to test that yet. To package the jar in an exe I used [Launch4j](https://launch4j.sourceforge.net/) and I included the config file the server folder.
## <a id="app">Android app (kotlin)</a>
The app is still a work in progress, but is nearly done. For now the basic functionality is there, I only need to implemented something so the arrow screen closes itself when you are done pressing the arrow keys. You can still install the app if you want by opening it in android studio and pluging in your phone, than running the code on you connected device. The app will stay installed and you can use it like normal. I will try to include an .apk in the future when I deem the app ready enough. When you try installing the app with android studio make sure your usb debugging is enabled in your developer settings of your phone. Here is a [simple guide](https://developer.android.com/studio/debug/dev-options#:~:text=Enable%20USB%20debugging%20on%20your%20device,-Before%20you%20can&text=Enable%20USB%20debugging%20in%20the,Advanced%20%3E%20Developer%20Options%20%3E%20USB%20debugging) on how to enable it.
## Crashes
If you experience any crashes you can let me know by submitting it in the issues section on github. I will try my best to fix them and if they stack up to much I might open the project for open source contribution.
## Support
If you want to support me in any way, just share this project with your friends or online and enjoy. It gives me joy when I see other people enjoying something I made or worked on!
